If I wanted to build a beautiful website
today, I wouldn't start inside of Cloud
Code. Instead, I would start here. The
brand new Stitch 2.0 from Google. Now,
Stitch just got a huge update yesterday
to the point that Figma stock dropped
almost 8% because of it. And that's
because it gives us a free and effective
way to show up one of the only weak
points of cloud code, front-end design.
Now, Stitch isn't replacing Claude Code.
It's something we're going to use with
clawed code. And by doing so, we are
going to have a workflow that allows us
to consistently create high quality
websites with AI that don't look like AI
slot. And in this video, I'm going to
show you exactly how it works, how to
get the most out of it, and how to
integrate it with cloud code. So,
Stitched allows us to create highquality
front-end design mockups for our web
apps and our mobile apps. And again,
it's completely free. It's powered by
Google. We have Gemini 3.1 under the
hood, which is great at front-end design
work. And again, this is kind of a weak
point of cloud code. Even when we use
things like the front-end design tool or
the UIUX Pro Max skill, it leaves
something to be desired. On top of that,
when it comes to doing front-end design
and visual work in general, I think
having a canvas like this where I can
see everything on one page where I can
very quickly take a look at prototypes
and how it looks is a huge value ad.
Right? On top of that, it's really easy
to edit here inside of Stitch. I just
hit the edit button. I can deal with
individual components. I can edit the
layout at large. I can regenerate the
layout completely two, three, four times
at once. So, what this allows us to do
is essentially speed up the entire
design process. Because if you do this
inside of cloud code, you know, it can
be kind of laborious where even if I'm
using all the skills, even if I'm
throwing it screenshots, right, we're
having it generate, spin up the dev
server, switch between tabs, and at the
end of the day, you'll still have to do
that at the end. But if we can get an
80% 90% solution here inside of Stitch,
well, why wouldn't we? Especially if
it's free. And we're able to get that
90% solution because we can export
whatever we build here as code, right? I
can come up here. I go to more. I can
view it as code. I can export it. I have
options to send it to the AI studio,
Figma, Jules, whatever. Simplest is just
to put the code on a clipboard and then
head to Cloud Code. Right. So, this is a
great addition to our web design
process. So, speaking of Cloud Code, a
quick plug from our sponsor today, yours
truly. I just released the cloud code
master class about a week and a half ago
and since then I've already updated 20
plus modules at an additional hour of
content. So if you're trying to go from
zero to AI dev definitely check it out.
It's inside of Chase AI plus. There's a
link to that in the comment. And if
you're just all new to AI, I also have
the free Chase AI community link to that
in the description. So tons of resources
no matter where you are in your journey.
So back to Stitch. You understand the
value prop at this point. It helps us
with one of the weak points inside of
Claude Code and it does it in a free
manner. So why wouldn't we? So, how do
you actually use it, right? What's the
actual workflow here? So, it's pretty
straightforward. We're just going to
head to Stitch, and I'll put a link to
that down below. You can just Google
Google Stitch. And it's just a chatbot
interface like the same one you've been
using since the beginning of time, aka
the end of 2022. We just describe what
we're trying to build. Now, it breaks it
down by app or web app. So, if you're
doing a website, obviously you'll be
doing web. And then we have the options
of what sort of models we want to use.
So, really, you have the option of three
flash and 3.1 Pro. Obviously, if you can
use 3.1 Pro, that's what I would stick
with. It's a little bit slower, but it's
its frontier model versus 3.0 Flash,
which is, you know, a few months old at
this point. Now, we also have the
ability to upload files or add a website
URL because one of the best things we
can do when it comes to web design is
give it some inspiration, right? I can
just talk to it in plain language to
give it some crappy prompt and hope it
figures it out, but why don't we go find
a website we actually like? And there's
a bunch of places to help you find
inspiration. We have Dribble, that's
with three B's. You can go somewhere
like godly.ebsite or where I've been
really going lately, which has some good
ones, is Pinterest, right? Pinterest
actually has a great user interface when
it comes to searching for landing page
design because if you find one you like,
like this one that you just saw a couple
minutes ago, well, it's very easy to
find some additional ones as well. And
so, what I think you should do is go to
one of those three places, search for
something that speaks to you, and then
take screenshots of it. or if you
already have a website in mind, go grab
the website URL because what's going to
happen is we're going to take
screenshots of what we find. And I'll be
using this one today. We're going to go
back into Stitch and we're going to put
in the screenshot. We're going to say,
"Hey, I want you to create a landing
page that looks just like that
screenshot.
Let's see what you got." So, I took a
screenshot of this one right here. And
alls I said was, "Create a landing page
for my AI agency, Chase AI, in the style
of the screenshot. I want the exact same
hero page setup as seen in the
screenshot." Now, it's not going to do a
one for one because what's going to
happen is it's going to scene the
screenshot and then it's going to use
Nano Banana on the back end to
essentially create a screenshot that
mimics it as the image as you'll see.
But that's pretty much it. You can add
more to the prompt if you want to, but
I'm going to show you why even if you
have a really bland poor prompt like
this one, you actually get a pretty good
output. So, let's see what happens. So
right away you'll see the screenshot
here on the canvas and this is like an
infinite canvas that goes everywhere
forever like kind of like nad. Um we can
see here on the bottom left you have an
agent log where you can see what
commands you've given it. We can kind of
see the thinking going on in the model
down here. And the first thing I want to
draw your attention to is this. This is
essentially the design system. Now what
is the design system? Well, the design
system is essentially the set of rules
that Stitched aka Gemini is going to be
using when it creates your web page,
right? What are the primary colors, the
secondary colors, tertiary, neutral?
What are we doing for labels, buttons,
search bars, text, all that, right? All
the conventions for how it's going to
build your front end are right here in
one place. And so if we come over here
on the right and you see this little
button that says design system. If I
click on this and we'll move over here.
We can see our design system which it is
named Obsidian Ember. And if I click on
this, well, we pretty much see a copy of
what's here visually, right? Our seed
color. I can very easily change this. I
can change the font. I can change the
corner radius, right? How do you want
your uh do you want rounded corners? How
rounded do you want them? But let's take
a look at the design. MD file. Now, I'm
going to copy this over so it's a little
easier for you to see. So, here's a look
at that design system document that I
just copied over. What Stitch aka Gemini
does is it takes your bad prompt and
whatever inspiration you give it and it
turns it into this essentially the
guiding document for how it's going to
create your front end. And it's very
well put together. Like, first of all,
it has the overview and the creative
northstar. It specifically has language
about how it breaks away from standard
templates aka how do we get away from AI
slop aka what cloud code will give you
normally and then it goes into colors
color strategy typography right this is
really well done and you don't have to
ask for this at all it just creates it
on its own and so these two pieces the
design file and then the actual themes
itself are essentially the bedrock for
how it generates your front end let's
take a look at what it gave us so is
this a for one copy. Not exactly, but
you can kind of see what it was working
with, right? So, we kind of have that
same like red bar coming down. We have
the text on top. The sort of the big
numbers of 50 plus versus 10x are kind
of off to the side. But you can see it
also started to do things on its own,
right? I didn't give it anything about
core capabilities or kind of what I want
at the bottom. And it already generated
it, right? And this is pretty solid and
I do like how the colors work. But let's
say right away I was like, nah, I don't
actually like this. If I just click on
this and then I right click, I can go to
regenerate and it'll just redo it again.
Or I can go to varants and you can do
variance of layout, color scheme,
images, right? You can actually do
different variations of specific parts
or you can do custom. Right? If I hit
custom, I can give it different creative
range. This is also very reminiscent of
sort of majourney honestly. But we'll do
explore and we'll see say I want three
different options and I want all the
aspects to vary. Right? Again, I ask
you, what would this look like if we try
to do the same thing inside of Cloud
Code? It would take a bit longer. And
so, this buys us a ton of room to
iterate, iterate, iterate, and really
get our creative vision kind of locked
on. Now, also, in terms of editing, and
there's actually a whole lot to do in
Stitch, so I totally suggest you
actually just like play around with
this. If I come over here on the right,
if I hit this little pencil, I can
directed. So, I can click on individual
components, kind of like what you saw
before. I can also hit up over to the
top for preview. I can open it up in a
new tab. And so we can very easily
scroll sort of full screen and on and on
and on. There's a ton we can play around
with here. So here's some more
variations it gave us, right? You know,
totally different vibes, which I think
is great, right? I think visually you
just kind of need to see a bunch of
things to like, I actually like that.
Now, what you might be thinking at this
point was like, "Hey, Chase, I actually
found a sick picture of something inside
of Pinterest and it's just not giving me
the exact thing." understand what you
could also do at this point is if I took
this screenshot and I brought it into
something like NanoBanana Pro and I
said, "Hey, give me this exact
background, take out all the text." I
can then bring that edited image back to
Stitch, right? And then say, "Hey, use
this as the background image, right? We
we can do a lot here." And also, if you
want to edit certain things, so let's
say now I wanted to edit this one. If I
just click on these different, you know,
different variations, you'll see here on
the bottom of the page, it will add them
as essentially references. So, you know,
it it's pretty easy to let Stitch know
which one you're actually trying to mess
with. And the last thing I'll say is
there's also this like live mode. So, if
I click live mode, it's actually now
looking at my screen and I can actually
have like a conversation with it.
That's incredible. It's so exciting.
What are we thinking of creating today?
>> Yeah. Can we uh add some like motion to
the background of this uh landing page?
I'm I'm talking about some like cursor
motion. Maybe some like light graphics.
I don't know. Kind of just go crazy with
it and let me see what you come up with.
>> Which Chase AI landing page do you want
me to modify?
>> Uh the one I'm looking at
on it. I'll add a dynamic and energetic
background with light graphics and
subtle cursor effects.
>> All right. So, you know, hey, take from
that what you will. I don't know how
good that actually is. I don't know what
model actually powers their live mode,
but just kind of a funny thing they
added there. We'll see what it comes up
with. And here's what it came up with
the motion graphics, right? You can see,
might be kind of hard to see on your
computer, but it has like these little
dots in the background that move away
from my mouse as it moves. So, pretty
cool. Now, once you got something you
actually like, now we can export it into
cloud code. So, all you have to do is
click on it. And to export it, you're
going to go to more. You're going to go
to export, and we're going to do code to
clipboard. We'll hit copy. Then I hop
inside of Cloud Code, and I just said,
create me a landing page for my AI
agency. Here's the front-end code.
Pasted it in there. We're going to let
it go to work. So, after about 60
seconds, Claude Code gave us this.
Honestly, looks pretty solid. Again,
this is just purely the front-end
design. This isn't connected to anything
on the back end, but this is a great
base to start from, right? Do I
necessarily love the image of these
clouds? No, not really. Am I in love
with this? Would I rather have some sort
of like motion thing? Sure. But again,
80% 90% solution. None of the token use
was done inside of cloud code. And I got
something that looks pretty decent,
right? If I was doing this purely with
like the front-end design tool, as many
of you have, you know, it's not the
best. It all looks very sy. And now that
the foundation is set, I can hop into
things like 21st.dev,
right? Start playing around with things
like the buttons, get a little more
fancy with kind of what's going on. But
like this is a great starting point. So
we really just touched the surface of
what you can do inside of Stitched and
sorted this workflow of inspiration into
Stitch into Cloud Code before creating
your final website. We didn't even
really touch on deployment, although if
you take a look at any of my other web
design videos, you will see me go
through that. Very simple. pushing the
code to GitHub and then into Verscell.
But I just really wanted to focus on
this brand new tool because I don't
think it's a surprise that like I said
Figma's stock dropped like seven or
eight%. Because for most of us, we're
not professional web designers, right?
Jumping into something like Figma is
still like a bridge too far. But what
this was able to create again just like
the most basics of pro basic of prompt
in a screenshot is should impress you.
Again, Claude Code is amazing,
anti-gravity is amazing, codeex is
amazing, but a lot of these agentic
coding agents miss out on front-end
design, and this kind of fills that gap.
So, we should all be excited. So, as
always, let me know what you thought in
the comments. Make sure to check out
Chase AI Plus if you want to get your
hands on that cloud code master class
and I'll see you